be a writer I know you want to be a
writer
really why do you always call me a dirty
little [ __ ] ah just because maybe you're
jealous that I'm more successful than
you
I would not like to you to turn to the
person next to you hi is it possible he
could do a three-way I've never done a
three-way why are you in this class you
seem so together I'm so glad you told me
things on a voicemail like hey by the
way I'm [ __ ] a 19 year old I saved it
and I play it for my friend and then I
tell him about your weird dick I've been
dating this guy for two years I love you
as his friend and as a sexual partner my
love I won't have hot sex with someone
who's really nice to me yeah your boobs
are too big and they make you look like
a bimbo all right should I be taking out
some of the stuff for the sexual
harassment lawsuit we're all going to
why are we sitting around talking about
how sad our lives are you're right we
should be talking about how great we are
I thought you were desperate too old I
hate that you're not into me it makes me
so much more attracted to you you would
talk about pleasing men but what about
pleasing us on the cliche a handsome guy
runs off with a younger hot sexy girl
I'm a hunter I gotcha I found ya I kept
her for a little bit and then I got
bored and then you left and now I'm
attracted to you again they could I
leave my laundry here get it out
Thursday you want me to do your laundry
while you date other women you should do
your laundry you should feel lucky to
tap that ass hey you are so hot like
really hot
let's make a pact to be with good guys
only guys who treat us great like we
deserve feel like guys you will go down
you aren't hetero enough ooh oh yeah oh
this guy if he asked me out he's super
attractive you should go for it move
over there's a new skank in town having
sex with me is a religious experience
let's just go have sex in my office
makes me want to like vomit in my mouth
I want you to do my laundry now and the
best sex of my life
bossed me around some more kind of
turned me on
look so high I want to have sex with you
okay no I just spent an hour singing
about my [ __ ] experience I didn't know
I had it in me